Clevertap updates (#1004)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/clevertap.mdx

})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">page</code> events. Hence, Rudderstack converts the nested objects or arrays to string before sending them to CleverTap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">page</code> events. Hence, RudderStack converts the nested objects or arrays into strings before sending them to CleverTap.
```

In the above snippet, RudderStack captures all the information related to the screen being viewed, along with any additional info associated with that screen view event. In CleverTap, the above `screen` call will be shown as - **"Screen Viewed: `Sample Screen Name` "** along with the properties.

<div class="infoBlock">

> CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">screen</code> events. Hence, Rudderstack converts the nested objects or arrays to string before sending them to CleverTap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">screen</code> events. Hence, RudderStack converts the nested objects or arrays into strings before sending them to CleverTap.
```

In the above snippet, RudderStack captures the information related to the `Checked Out` event, along with any additional info about that event - in this case the details of the `Checked out` event.

<div class="infoBlock">
To set a specific value to the <code class="inline-code">screen</code> or <code class="inline-code">track</code> type event, you need to pass the <code class="inline-code">event</code> related property in the <code class="inline-code">properties</code> field.
</div>

<div class="infoBlock">

> CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">track</code> events. Hence, Rudderstack converts the nested objects or arrays to string before sending them to CleverTap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">track</code> events. Hence, RudderStack converts the nested objects or arrays into strings before sending them to CleverTap.
```

</div>

<div class="infoBlock">

> CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">identify</code> events. Hence, Rudderstack converts the nested objects or arrays to string before sending them to CleverTap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CleverTap does not support nested objects or arrays for custom attributes in the <code class="inline-code">identify</code> events. Hence, RudderStack converts the nested objects or arrays into strings before sending them to CleverTap.
```
